[iQIYI Original]
Sponsored by OPPO Reno15
50MP Ultra-Wide Angle Selfie.
[OPPO Reno15 50MP Ultra-Wide Angle Selfie]
[OPPO Running Man Thailand
Never Stop Running]
[OPPO Reno15 5G
With Friends, Every Shot Is Trendy]
♪ Run, no matter how many times we fall ♪
[Oat]
♪ Run, even if the road ahead
isn't what we dream of ♪
[Jeff]
♪ No matter how challenging,
not giving up, we'll get there someday ♪
[Ink]
♪ As long as we're still breathing,
no matter how far the journey ♪
[Tay]
[NuNew]
♪ Just keep running ♪
[Daou]
[Phuak]
♪ Just keep running ♪
[OPPO Running Man Thailand
Never Stop Running]
Sponsored by OPPO Reno15
50MP Ultra-Wide Angle Selfie.
[OPPO Reno15 50MP Ultra-Wide Angle Selfie]
[7:00 PM]
[Hua Lamphong Railway Station
is now shrouded in darkness]
[The station is vast,
yet not a soul is in sight]
[An eerie chill hangs in the air]
Phuak: Is anyone here?
[Is anyone here?
But there's not a single person in sight]
Phuak: Whoa,
there isn't a single person here.
Oat: Look, look, look!
Down there, down there!
[Down there...]
[What exactly happened
to the Running Man agents]
[The agents appear,
all dressed as Thai wizards]
Phuak: We are wizards, but look at this guy.
[Someone is wearing sunglasses
in the middle of the night]
Ink: He thinks he's at Paris Fashion Week.
Jeff: Actually, this is related
to my superpower.
Jeff: You see, I have a superpower.
[Jeff's Superpower]
Ink: What?
Phuak: You have a superpower?
Jeff: Once I take off these glasses,
no one can hide their true nature from me.
[With just one look,
he can see right through people]
Jeff: I can see the good
and the bad instantly.
Ink: Really? I don't believe it.
Test it on Oat.
[Skeptical]
Oat: Come on, Jeff.
Take off your glasses and look at me.
Oat: Come on.
Oat: Take it off and look at me.
[Does Jeff really possess those special eyes?]
Jeff: This man is a big villain!
[This man is a big villain!]
Oat: Hey! Over here!
[Over here! Over here!]
Oat: That was a good one. Very good.
[Nice job, Jeff]
Oat: That was good. Very impressive.
Oat: Very impressive.
Phuak: I'm a wizard with super hearing.
[My superpower is...
super hearing]
Oat: Super hearing?
Phuak: No matter how quiet a sound is,
Phuak: even a fly landing on the ground—
I can hear it clearly.
[As if anyone would believe that]
Phuak: Oat, give me a test.
-Phuak: Try speaking in your quietest voice.
-Oat: OK, OK.
-Phuak: I'll stand here and listen.
-Oat: Give it a try.
[Can Phuak hear what Oat says from a distance?]
Phuak: That's far enough.
Phuak: Try it.
Oat: I'm definitely going
to rip off your name tag.
[Whispering]
Oat: You're dead meat.
Oat: You can't escape, Phuak.
Phuak: Ha! Easy.
Oat: What did I say?
Ink: What did he say?
Phuak: You said, "You're dead meat."
[Phuak, you're dead meat! You can't escape!]
Phuak: You can't escape, Phuak.
Phuak: You're dead meat.
[Phuak, you're dead meat! You can't escape!]
Phuak: You can't escape, Phuak.
[Unbelievable... How did he hear?]
Phuak: Super hearing—
[I told you.
I'm a wizard with super hearing!]
Phuak: No sound escapes my ears.
[No sound escapes his ears]
[He really has a superpower]
Ink: My superpower is... well...
[Ink's superpower is...]
Ink: It's like, if I project my charm at someone,
they'll fall for me instantly.
[Ink, the witch with hypnotic powers—
her superpower is an irresistible, deadly charm]
Phuak: Like, they'll just melt?
Ink: Yes. Wanna try?
Wanna try?
Phuak: No thanks.
My kid's already grown up, so I'd better not.
[Instant rejection]
[A family man]
Oat: Try it! Can we try? Let's try it.
Ink: Oat, you try it.
Oat: Let's go, let's go.
Ink: OK, OK.
Oat: Ink Waruntorn, you're nothing to me.
[Heart of stone]
[Can he really hold out under that gaze?]
[Oat's heart takes a direct hit]
[That deadly cuteness hits the mark]
Phuak: Oh! Did you melt?
Phuak: He's completely melted.
He's on the floor. Oat!
[Trembling]
Phuak: Oat!
Phuak: He's trembling!
He's started trembling!
Ink: See that? I told you...
[I am the witch
with that irresistible, deadly charm]
NuNew: I have one too.
-Ink: What is it?
-Oat: What do you have?
Phuak: What's yours, kid?
NuNew: I can see someone's future
[NuNew can read palm lines to see the future]
NuNew: by reading the palm.
Oat: Oh!
Oat: Based on how things look right now,
who's the best fit for this route?
Oat: Read mine.
Read mine.
NuNew: I'll read Oat's.
Oat: Will I make it through
all 10 episodes of this show?
[Will I record 10 episodes?]
NuNew: I think this episode
might be Oat's last.
[I think this episode might be Oat's last]
NuNew: I think this episode
might be Oat's last.
[I think this episode might be Oat's last]
[Oat was happy just a second ago]
[A shocking prophecy descends]
Phuak: Now the show really starts.
[The truth of NuNew's prophecy
will be revealed next week!]
[If the prophecies are true,
what will happen then...]
[Suddenly, a group
of mysterious people rushes in]
[A warm welcome]
[A group of energetic rookie wizards]
[Nont Tanont]
♪ In the end, I have to lose
to someone who doesn't care ♪
[14 years ago, at age 16,
he competed in "The Voice Thailand"]
[The King of Talent Shows]
[He took the final victory]
♪ Even with deep love,
I can only choose to leave ♪
[Artist with a heavenly voice—Nont Tanont]
♪ How much I love you
doesn't matter at all ♪
[Goy Arachaporn]
♪ The star I have been waiting for ♪
[A multi-talented monolid beauty
who's both a screenwriter and an actress]
♪ Shining bright through the heavy darkness ♪
[A songwriter who has penned
countless moving lyrics]
♪ Making the whole world bright in an instant ♪
[Whether as an actor or an artist,
she has delivered stunning works]
[Humor, wit, and talent all in one—
this is Goy Arachaporn at her most charming]
♪ From now on, I'll surround you with love
and guard you with all my heart ♪
[Ice Paris]
♪ No, no, no, I don't understand
what you're trying to say ♪
[The stylish hitmaker has arrived]
[Every song he releases becomes a hit]
♪ Yeah, tell me what you want ♪
♪ You tell me to go, go, go away ♪
[The hitmaker behind national anthems—
one melody, and the whole crowd sings along]
♪ But when I leave, you get upset again ♪
[The bottomless pit of charm: Ice Paris]
♪ Hey, sorry, it's my fault ♪
♪ You think I'm a fool ♪
[A warm welcome]
Hello.
Hello, Nont.
Hello, Goy.
Hello, Ice.
Hello.
Oat: But the three of you are guests today.
Yes.
Oat: You'll be making your entrance
as wizards with superpowers.
Oat: What are your powers?
Nont: Mine is called "Swift Hands, Spoken Law."
Nont: Whatever I say becomes reality.
Oat: I don't believe you.
Nont: For example, I tell Ink
to dance "The Kind Mountain Kid."
[For example, I tell Ink
to dance "The Kind Mountain Kid"]
Nont: Today's outfits are perfect for it.
[Today's outfits are perfect for it]
Nont: This is for you.
[Is this really happening?]
Nont: I want you to have a taste.
Goy: Ink, this is his superpower!
♪ Vegetables are full of vitamins ♪
[Ink is controlled by Nont's power]
[Controlled by Nont's spell]
[She can't stop dancing]
♪ You don't need to eat expensive things ♪
Goy: Ink, why are you posing like that?
Ink: I don't know
what kind of dance this is.
[The body has a mind of its own]
Nont: Once I speak, no one can resist.
Nont: Jeff will dance, too.
[Me, Nont?]
Nont: ♪ I brought a carrot for you ♪
Nont: ♪ I want you to have a taste ♪
[Even the tough Jeff
can't resist Nont's power]
♪ Vegetables are full of vitamins ♪
[A shockingly sexy dance
that leaves everyone speechless]
Wait!
What is this?
Ink: Why are you dancing so hard?
Jeff: My body just moved on its own.
[Every move is caused by Nont's superpower]
Jeff: What about Goy?
Goy: My power is mind-reading.
I know what you're thinking.
-Jeff: Mind-reading?
-Phuak: Mind-reading?
Goy: Actually, I can also see a bit of the past.
Oat: Whoa, you can see the past, too?
Goy: I see that in your past.
[Our past?]
Goy: You once fell into deep water, right?
[You once fell into deep water, right?]
Well...
Oat: That's true.
-NuNew: We fell in during one episode.
-Oat: We were tossed in.
Oat: Yes, exactly.
[EP.01 Flying Chair Mission]
Phuak: That's right.
I fell into the water several times.
Goy: That's my power.
Goy: But he has the Power of the Golden Rooster.
Ice: I can summon beasts and spirits
to possess my body.
[A young man who can summon animal spirits]
[Really?]
Ice: And once I summon them,
I can transfer that power to others.
Nont: No way.
Goy: Summon one now.
Ice: Okay, watch this.
I need to say the spell.
[Incantation]
Ice: [chanting a spell]
Ice: It's here! It's in me!
Jeff: What is it?
What animal?
[What animal did Ice summon?]
What is it?
[Lick] [Lick]
Goy: That animal looks really familiar.
Phuak: Whoa, that's definitely a Water Monitor!
[That's definitely a Water Monitor!]
Ice: I'm passing it to someone else!
Goy: What animal?
Ice: I can't stay anymore.
[Controlled by the superpower]
Ice: That's it.
Ice: Okay. Okay.
Nont: Wow, that looks just like it.
Goy: But this one is moving even slower.
So similar.
This one looks just like it.
Alright.
Phuak: Wait, what did I just do?
Phuak: I was completely unconscious.
Ice: That is my power.
PD: Your mission today is
[PD: Today's mission is to launch
a ghost-hunting operation among the wizards]
to launch a ghost-hunting operation
among the wizards.
Ice: Eek! That's scary.
Ice: So scary.
[Oh no, I'm afraid of ghosts]
PD: Among all of you,
PD: 2 people have a different identity.
[2 special identities are hidden among them!]
PD: You must find out who are the wizards
and who are the ghosts.
Got it.
Jeff: So the ghosts are already among us?
PD: Yes.
[PD: The ghosts are already among you guys]
NuNew: They've already blended in.
[Who could they be...]
PD: Winners of the tasks
will receive clues about the ghosts.
We will give everyone a cloth bag.
Inside the bag is a name tag.
The text written on the inside
[The back of the name tag
reveals your true identity]
of it reveals the true identity assigned to you.
Phuak: Separate! Separate!
[The wizards scatter]
[Looking around]
Oat: As soon as PD explained the mission,
Oat: I knew
Oat: it was time to start acting.
Goy: I... I can't lie.
Goy: The voice in my head is too loud.
[Can someone like Goy,
who is easily swayed, keep a secret?]
Nont: What is this?
[Everyone has confirmed their identities]
Really?
[Today's first mission is...]
[Giant beads and talisman vests
hanging from ropes]
[Spooky photo frames]
[Combined with a trampoline?]
[What kind of mission awaits
in a place like this?]
PD: Welcome to the first mission.
[PD: Welcome to the first mission]
This mission is called
"Press the Shutter, Escape Alive."
[PD: This task is called]
["Press the Shutter, Escape Alive"]
[Press the Shutter, Escape Alive Mission]
Press the Shutter, Escape Alive Rule.
Each match must jump onto the trampoline.
Once one agent successfully
grabs and puts on the hanging relic,
the 10-second countdown will begin.
At the exact moment the countdown ends,
the camera shutter will snap immediately.
Whoever can jump up
and keep their eyes, nose, mouth—
their entire face—inside the frame
will be the winner.
[Winner]
Phuak: Oh, good.
This group will win directly, right?
Goy: We have to win.
Jeff: Nont, you don't even need to jump.
Jeff: You can reach it without jumping, right?
[Nont can reach it easily
even without jumping]
That's true.
[Sorry, my height is just a gift.
Can't hide these long legs]
Ink: Nont is so tall,
it'll be effortless for him.
Goy: Is it possible I'll have to face Nont?
[PD: Girls will face off against girls]
PD: Girls will face off against girls.
Ink: I'm actually happy
to finally face another girl.
Ink: It's been a while. I'm so excited.
[Press the Shutter, Escape Alive Matchups]
[The first duel]
[The Sly Fox Jeff is here
to take down the Wild Bear]
[The ferocious Wild Bear Oat
is ready to tear the Fox to shreds]
Jeff: Your entrance
is gonna look insanely cool, Oat.
Oat: Oh, do you even need to ask?
[Who will be the last one
standing in the arena]
Jeff: Fair play, okay?
-Oat: Fair play.
-Jeff: Fair play, no cheating.
Oat: Fair play... hold on.
Oat: How many episodes have we recorded?
Have I ever lied to you?
Jeff: You lie all the time!
Ink: Oat, try looking Jeff
in the eye, and you'll see.
Oat: You can't trust this fox.
Oat: A piece of cake.
[I'll show you
who the real king of the forest is]
Oat: This thing is a piece of cake.
Phuak: Stand steady
before you start talking big.
[He can't even stand still,
yet he's still putting on airs]
Oat: This thing is a piece of cake.
[Stumbling] [Bouncing]
Oat: Can you just stand still for a second?
[The match begins!]
[He promised fair play a minute ago,
but he starts pushing him immediately]
[Like a fox pouncing on prey,
Jeff quickly grabs the relic]
[Flustered]
[A ground-war struggle] [If I can't win,
you're not allowed to win either!]
Phuak: Are you just lying there
like a dead weight?
[Oat lies flat on the trampoline
to stop it from bouncing]
Phuak: Just lying there like dead weight.
[Despite this, Jeff is struggling
with all his might]
Wow, this is pure physical strength.
[The photo clicks right in the middle
of their wrestling match]
That's it.
[Oat's feet]
Ink: Who on earth paired these two together?
Jeff: Fair play, okay?
[They shook hands and promised fair play
before the match...]
-Oat: Fair play.
-Jeff: Fair play, no cheating.
Oat: Fair play... hold on.
Oat: This is called strategy!
[If I can't win, Jeff's not winning, either]
Ink: You two are exactly the same.
NuNew: They're scheming in every single game.
[You need to watch out for Jeff...]
[Oat VS Jeff: Round 2 begins]
[Jeff moves again...]
[He pushes Oat away just
as he's about to grab the beads]
Look! Here we go again!
[But he fails to grab it, too]
[Revived]
[You can't take me out that easily]
[Takes off running]
Oat: Hey! What's wrong?
Why are you running?
[The sly fox makes his second attack]
Ice: Oat, don't let him get it!
Stop him!
[Get away!]
[Jeff finally grabs the talisman vest]
Goy: Jeff, run! Run!
[Is this Oat's strategy...]
[Oat's strategy: the art of snatching things]
Is Oat stealing? He's totally stealing.
[Give that talisman vest
back to me right now!]
Watch out!
Goy: Jeff, grab another one!
[Jeff, grab another one!]
Okay.
OK.
[Finally, they each have a relic]
-Got it!
-Jump, Jeff, jump!
Now they just need a good jump!]
-Jump!
-He got it!
[Still trying to sabotage till the last second]
[Will it be a success this time?]
[Who is it that surprised everyone?]
Phuak: Was it a success?
[Oat]
[Jeff falls out of the frame]
Oat: Hey!
[Is that really me?]
[He was so close to making it!]
Oat: Hey, kids are watching this show.
Oat: They're going to copy us.
[Press the Shutter, Escape Alive]
[Match 1: Oat VS Jeff]
[Winner: Oat]
[Match 2: Ink VS Goy]
Ice: Now, this is the match I want to see.
[Anticipation]
NuNew: I've been waiting
to see the girls go at it.
Goy: Yeah! Let's go, friend.
Ink: Hey, hey, hey.
[When they actually
step onto the trampoline]
Goy: Oh no, I'm way too short.
Ink: This is really hard!
[It is very high]
-Ink: This is really hard!
-Goy: Oh, I'm just too short.
Ink: Ah!
Goy: Okay, okay. This is so hard.
[It's not as simple as it looks!]
Ink: Goy, let's start.
Phuak: Stop doubting yourselves.
[The match begins]
Phuak: Start.
[They start screaming immediately]
[Total chaos]
Phuak: Calm down! Calm down!
[Goy is intensely focused on the game]
Phuak: Calm down!
Jeff: Is she about to spit on us?
[Ink looks completely lost]
Ink: Jeff, pass me a tissue!
[You can't even tell how serious they are]
Jeff: Is she trying to spit on us?
Phuak: Hey, wait, wait!
Phuak: Calm down! Calm down!
Goy: I'm too short!
Goy: I'm just too short!
Phuak: Hold on a second.
[They're laughing too hard to continue]
Phuak: Wait a minute.
Phuak: Are they actually
going to get a relic today?
Phuak: Jump up, Goy!
Phuak: Goy, Goy! Jump higher!
Phuak: Do it like the breaststroke!
Like the breaststroke!
Phuak: Time your jump!
[Even Goy's fingertips
can't reach the relic]
Ink: Oat!
Phuak: Like the breaststroke!
Phuak: It takes many tries!
[Ink starts to rally]
Phuak: Many tries, many tries!
Phuak: Build up your bounce slowly!
[Almost got knocked out]
Phuak: Build up...
Phuak: Build up your bounce slowly!
[Lost balance!]
Phuak: Build up...
Whoever can do it, go first.
Ink can't do it anymore]
NuNew: Good lord, this is hilarious.
Phuak: Increase the height slowly.
[You must calm down and focus]
Oat: Slowly... 1, 2...
Oat: 2. Give it your all.
[She grabs it!]
Oat: Ah!
Ice: Look, Ink got it!
Ink: Goy!
Goy: This is mine.
[Goy takes games so seriously
that she's even started grabbing things]
Goy: This belongs to me.
Ink: Friend, why are you doing this?
PD: Time's up!
Ink: It's mine.
[They were so busy fighting
that they ran out of time]
Oat: I love that so much.
Oat: I loved it when Ink said,
"Goy, why are you doing this?"
[Goy, my dear friend,
how could you be so heartless...]
[Sorry, friend]
Phuak: You look like Princess Ariel!
Princess Ariel!
[Ink VS Goy: Round 2 begins]
Nont: You need to grab it.
[A beautiful start for both sides]
Phuak: Oh boy.
NuNew: They got it.
Phuak: They got it. They got it.
[The timer starts
the moment the relic is grabbed]
Phuak: They got it.
Phuak: Like that, yes!
Phuak: Jump up! Jump up!
[Continuous jumping]
Phuak: Jump! Jump!
NuNew: Watch out, Goy!
[Goy's jumps are calm and steady,
unlike the previous round]
-Phuak: Very good!
-NuNew: The vest is blocking your face!
Phuak: Very good!
Ink: The vest is blocking your face!
Phuak: Excellent. You both have a chance.
[Photo taken]
Phuak: That's definitely the one.
Phuak: There's a chance. A good chance.
Phuak: Are you tired?
Ink: Please...
[Please...]
[Who made it into the frame?]
[It's Ink]
[Goy's face didn't even appear]
NuNew: It caught her right
when she was smiling.
Ink: Really?
[She's so happy with this photo]
[Press the Shutter, Escape Alive]
[Match 2: Ink VS Goy]
[Winner: Ink]
[Phuak VS Ice: Preparing for the match]
Ice: Which one do you want, Phuak?
Phuak: You choose first, Ice.
Ice: Hey, really?
[Is Phuak being a bit too kind?]
Phuak: Which one do you want to wear?
[Which one do you want to wear?]
Ice: Well, I'll take the beads.
Ice: The beads hang a bit lower.
Phuak: Go ahead, Ice.
Ice: Really?
[Really?]
Phuak: Go for it.
Ice: Really?
Phuak: I actually wanted the vest anyway.
[A peaceful pair]
Ice: Okay. Okay.
[But upon a second look...]
Phuak: Wait, do you want the vest instead?
Ice: Oh, okay.
[The innocent lamb falls for his sweet talk]
Ice: Are you looking out for me?
Ice: Are you really looking out for me?
Phuak: The hole in the vest is too small.
My head won't fit through it.
[The vest is probably too small for my head]
PD: Ready.
[Ready]
[Start]
Ice: Wait, wait.
-Phuak: Ah?
-Ice: Wait.
[Phuak, take your time]
-Phuak: Ah?
-Ice: We jump at the same time.
-Phuak: Catch the rhythm. Catch the rhythm.
Phuak: And then we both jump
at the same time.
Ice: It's a deal.
Phuak: Jump at the same time.
-Ice: You said it.
-Phuak: Yes, at the same time.
Phuak: Okay, at the same time.
-Phuak: Come on. Let's do it at the same time.
-PD: Are you ready?
Phuak: Here we go! 1, 2, 3!
[1]
[2]
[Jump!]
Phuak: 3.
[He thought his chosen relic
had the advantage...]
[The beads are completely destroyed.
They couldn't handle Phuak's force]
Phuak: 3!
[Even though it's broken,
put it on anyway]
Ink: Hey, hey!
Phuak: Oh man! It broke!
Phuak: It's broken!
Ice: I can't grab it!
Ink: Ice!
Phuak: Broken! It's broken!
[Ice is still trying his best]
-NuNew: Ice, hurry!
-Phuak: It's broken!
-Ice: I can't reach it!
-Ink: Ice!
Phuak: It's broken!
[Missed again]
Phuak: Hey!
[But Phuak strikes back
with insane bounces]
Phuak: It's broken! Broken!
[I can't do this anymore!]
Phuak: It's broken!
Ink: Ice!
[The beads have turned the trampoline
into a ball pit]
Phuak: Have you taken it?
Ink: Be careful. Be careful.
[The photo is taken]
[Only Phuak weared a relic.
Did he succeed?]
[The result is...]
Jeff: My god.
Phuak: Hey! The mouth! Look!
Phuak: Did it catch my mouth?
Did it catch my mouth?
[Ice doing everything he can to grab the relic]
[Eyes, nose, and mouth must all
be visible to count as a success]
[Unacceptable]
Phuak: The mouth is right there!
Phuak: Lip! Lip!
Ice: No, look at it!
[Just admit you lost and start over, Phuak]
Ice: You can barely see the upper lip.
Ice: Can we get a VAR?
[Ice VS Phuak: Round 2 begins]
-Phuak: Come on!
-Ice: Bring it on!
Phuak: Same as before.
-Ice: Yes, at the same time.
-Phuak: We take it at the same time.
-Ice: At the same time.
-Phuak: Okay. No one takes advantage.
[Game start]
Phuak: How is it? Shall we start?
[They jump at the same time]
-Ink: Phuak, snap it!
Phuak: 1-
Phuak: 2, 3.
[2, 3...]
Phuak: Hey. Hey. Hey.
Ice: Hey.
Phuak: 3. Hey. Hey.
Phuak: Hey.
[The first attempt failed]
Ice: What?
Phuak: What is it?
Ink: Grab it, Phuak! Grab it!
Phuak: What’s going on?
Jeff: It's down.
[Ice successfully gets the beads]
Phuak: What's going on?
[Switch jump. Got it right after
adjusting the strategy.]
Jeff: It's down.
[Countdown starts]
Oat: Oops.
[Ice is like a spring,
jumping for height.]
-Ink: Hey.
-Oat: Soon.
-Oat: Hey, we're almost there.
-Ink: Let's go, Ice!
Ink: Ice, come on!
[Phuak doesn't give up.
He also increases his height]
NuNew: Oh, this.
NuNew: Oh, Phuak.
-Ink: Be careful of Ice.
-NuNew: Phuak. Be careful.
Oat: Phuak, jump higher.
-Ink: Be careful, Phuak.
-Oat: Phuak.
Ink: Mind your vest.
It's blocking your face!
[I've got the height, but I don't think
I got the direction right]
-Goy: Oh, watch out! Watch out!
-Ink: The vest is blocking your face!
Ink: Be careful.
-Goy: Oh, watch out! Watch out!
-Ink: The vest is blocking your face!
[A peaceful team.
They dance in different rhythm]
Oat: Phuak, jump higher.
Phuak, jump higher.
[Time's up]
[At least one of us should succeed
in this round]
Phuak: Ice's nose. His nose is blocked.
[Ice VS Phuak
The result of the second round is...]
[Ice's nose is blocked.]
Phuak: Ice's nose. His nose is blocked.
Phuak: Your nose is missing.
[Speechless]
Ice: Darn it.
Ice: I was so confident about this.
I thought I'm gonna win this.
Ice: I've got the height and the timing.
NuNew: It’s not over yet.
Ice: Come on. Come on.
[Ice VS Phuak
The third round begins]
Phuak: Come on.
Ice: Woo.
[Let's end this game together, Brother]
Ink: Go! Go!
[A light jump for warming up]
[Eyes on the target]
Phuak: 1.
Phuak: 2.
[Ice got the relic]
Ice: Oh, darn it.
Ink: He's coming.
Phuak: 2.
[Because Ice pulled off the talisman vest,
Phuak's beads went higher]
Ice: Oh, darn it.
Ink: He's coming.
[I can't reach it no matter
how long my arms reach.]
Phuak: I'm slow.
NuNew: I’m doomed.
Ice: Phuak, hurry!
NuNew: Oh no.
[Is this a string of beads or an eel?]
Ice: Phuak, hurry!
Ice: Phuak.
[A string of beads that can avoid Phuak]
from any angle.
[I must catch it]
Ice: Phuak.
[Phuak finally got the beads.]
Ice: Phuak. Phuak. Did you get it?
[Countdown begins]
[I can't do it]
Phuak: Ice. You must succeed, Ice.
[Please stop. Not again.]
[At least let Ice succeed]
Phuak: Ice, you must succeed.
Phuak: I want nothing more.
[Will anyone succeed
in the third round?]
Phuak: Ice, you must succeed.
Phuak: Look.
You're smiling so happily, Ice.
[Ice took a perfect photo]
[What was he doing out of the frame?]
Phuak: I was under the frame.
Ice: We are the champion.
Ice: My friends.
Phuak: Congratulations.
Phuak: You deserve to be the winner.
[Press the Shutter, Escape Alive]
[Group 3 Ice VS Phuak.
Ice win]
[The last group
Nont VS NuNew]
Ink: Come on. Come on.
NuNew: Gosh, I'm so stressed.
[A battle between 188 cm boy and a kitten.
What will happen?]
Ice: Hey, let's go.
[The first one to get the relic is NuNew]
Ink: Awesome, NuNew!
Ice: Go.
Ink: NuNew's awesome.
[Nont follows closely and
strikes instantly]
Goy: NuNew got it first.
Phuak: Hey, Nont. Not yet.
[The kitten puts on the vest immediately]
Ink: Hey, be careful.
[From initial concerns to now,
NuNew is progressing smoothly]
-NuNew: Hey. Hey.
-Oat: The countdown hasn't started.
NuNew: Hey.
[They have to dance more to increase
the chance of success]
-Ink: NuNew. NuNew.
-Phuak: Higher. Higher.
[Nont VS NuNew
Keep jumping until the last second]
Ice: Higher. Higher.
Ink: Watch out. Watch out.
[Nont VS NuNew
Who's the winner?]
Phuak: Nont, are you okay?
-Ink: Are you okay?
-Nont: I'm all good.
Ice: Hey.
-Ink: Hey.
-Ice: Hey.
Phuak: Hey!
Ice: Hey.
[Look over there]
Ink: Hey.
-Ice: Hey
Ink: Nont.
[He jumped so hard, even his feet are
in the photo. This is the power of 188]
Ink: Hey, Nont. Thst's way too
over-the-top!
Goy: Nont looks very excited.
Jeff: Good. Good.
[Happy]
NuNew: I wanted to rely on luck
in this round. But I have none.
[I wanted to rely on luck this round]
[But I have none]
NuNew: I quit.
[I want to quit]
Phuak: NuNew!
Ink: Don’t go. Stay with me.
Phuak: NuNew, stay! Stay with us.
[I bear it all for you guys]
[Press the Shutter, Escape Alive]
[Group 4, Nont VS NuNew
Nont is the winner]
Oat: Only the four of us have
the chance to watch it.
Nont: Oh, really?
Ink: Can I open it now?
[What's the first clue?]
[Clue: These “Ghosts” include Running
Man members and special guests]
[Running Man members]
[Special guests]
Oat: Infiltration.
Ink: Infiltration?
Oat: Imposter. They have...
Oat: So they've infiltrated us.
Ink: Yes.
[So there are Ghosts in the Running
Man members and special guests]
[Who are the wizards and witches?
Who are the Ghosts?]
[OPPO Running Man Thailand
Never Stop Running]
Ink: Oh my god.
Goy: What's going on?
Goy: He's getting nervous.
Ice, don't frown.
[Members gather together without knowing]
[What's the mission here?]
PD: Our next mission is
Hunt for the Terror Tag.
OK.
PD: This time, we'll let
you team up freely.
[A name tag hidden in various buildings]
[Everyone must find their name tags]
[Each turn two people go
in to find their name tags]
[The first person who finds his or her
name tag will get the hints about Soul]
Ready.
[Oat X Goy enters as the first group]
[They're nervous]
[Countdown starts at the same time]
Goy: I thought I wasn’t afraid
at first, But now I’m scared.
[I thought I wasn’t afraid
at first, But now I’m scared.]
Oat: OK, OK.
Oat: After me. After me.
Oat: Oh, every room is green.
Goy: Let me hold onto you.
Oat: It freaks me out.
Oat: Wait. Take it slow. Take it slow.
Oat: Take it slow. Take it slow.
Oat: Imagine this. There are people
everywhere. Everywhere.
Oat: There are people everywhere.
[The moment we stepped inside,
they spot a spine-chilling corridor]
[The terror was so suffocating,
it stole their voices]
[Thought you weren't scared...]
Goy: OK. Let’s talk like this.
Goy: Go ahead.
Oat: Work. We have to do it.
[The tension doubled]
Goy: Yes.
Oat: We live in a capitalism system.
[At the peak of paranoia]
Goy: Yes.
Oat: Understood?
Goy: Right? Go forward. There's a path.
[Panic reached its peak]
[Tension overload]
[Oat's screams alone were
proof enough of the horror]
Haha, Oat.
[Kuman Thong appears, strike fear,
and vanishes instantly]
Goy: This way?
[As if their soul have been taken,
they walk toward where the ghost vanished]
Oat: There has to be. There has to be.
Oat: There’s a room here. Here.
Goy: OK.
Oat: Here it is. It must be this room.
Oat: OK.
Goy: We're here!
Oat: Come on.
Goy: Bring it on.
Oat: OK.
[Entered with high spirits]
Goy: We're here!
Oat: Come on.
Goy: Bring it on.
[A room with a coffin]
[Is there really a name tag here?]
[If there's a ghost, come out then!]
[A sudden attack]
[Not ghost. It's the explosive
garlic under their feet]
-Oat: I stepped on the garlic.
-Goy: Why are you stepping on the garlic?
[Panic]
Goy: Wait.
Oat: Don’t cry. Don’t cry.
Oat: Don't cry. Don’t cry.
[Those two are a total mess]
Goy: This place is weird.
Goy: Wait, easy, easy.
[Found the name tag?]
[The misprinted fake name tag]
Goy: Not this. But keep it first.
[Huh? What's this? Got it wrong...]
[Goy also found hers]
Goy: Yes. Look. It's definitely not here.
Oat: But we found tags.
Goy: But these are wrong.
Oat: There has to be.
[Without a second thought,
they leave the first room.]
Oat: I'm sure.
Oat: OK.
Oat: Let’s go.
Oat: Get out.
Goy: Let me hold onto you.
Oat: Go.
Goy: We're here!
[Shouting]
Oat: Come on.
Goy: Hello.
-Goy: Hello. -Oat: It's me. Hello.
[Terrified, the sound reached its peak]
So noisy.
Too noisy.
[Like me]
Goy: Hello.
[After all that shouting, they ended up
at the end of the corridor.]
[Where is this?]
Oat: Can we go in here?
[Restroom]
Goy: Excuse me.
Goy: Hey. What?
Oat: You scared me.
Oat: Don't do that!
[He starts to talk nonsense]
Oat: Kid, I've grown up.
Oat: Oh!
Goy: Help me find it.
Oat: You scared me.
Goy: Well, boom.
[Ouch...]
Goy: Bang, bang.
Goy: Wait. I just arrived.
Oat: OK. OK.
Goy: Wait.
Let me find it first.
Oat: Sister, sister.
Oat: If you’re done, go catch the bones.
Goy: Go there. Go there.
Oat: OK. Go. Go.
Oat: Okay. Go.
[Another fake name tag]
Oat: No, I found it.
But it's not what I want.
Oat: I found it, but it's wrong.
[Where is the real one?]
Oat: Is it there? Is it there?
Oat: There has to be. There has to be.
Goy: Hey, bro.
Goy: Can I have this?
[The ghost has the name tag]
Oat: Okay, I'll take care of it.
Goy: Ah, give it to me. Give it to me.
[She doesn't want to
hand it over so easily]
Oat: Give it to me.
Goy: Give it to me.
Oat: Come on, let me try.
[Hey! Oat?]
[What's going on?]
[What? Oat is twisting his body
to fight the ghost.]
[You don't mess with ghosts]
[After a fierce battle. The name tag
was theirs at last]
Oat: Let me try.
Goy: Fine, fine. Find yours first.
Oat: Alright. Alright.
Goy: Go. Go.
[Is it really Goy's name tag?]
What is she waiting for?
They look so happy.
They're really having fun
[What's so fun?]
Oat: Geez, creep me out. It creeps me out.
Oat: It creeps me out. It creeps me out.
[That restroom ghost
still haunts the place]
Oat: It creeps me out. It creeps me out.
Goy: My turn.
[The blue-lit room looks unusual]
Goy: We're here!
Goy: Trust me. The name tag must be here.
Goy:?
Oat: It's driving me crazy.
Goy: See?
[Eerie dolls were everywhere]
[Screaming cowards, they pressed forward]
[Cautiously]
Goy: Please. Please.
Oat: Please. Please.
Oat: OK.
Goy: Stop teasing me.
Oat: Easy. Easy.
Oat: OK. Wait a minute.
Goy: This is your name. The sound of O.
[Found a name tag on the floor]
Goy: It's your name. Slide it over
with your foot.
-Goy: Slide it over.
-Oat: You pull this. Pull this.
[A swift success. He slide it over
with his foot]
-Goy: Slide it over.
-Oat: You pull this. Pull this.
[They're reaching for the tag...
and the ghost shows up.]
Goy: Don’t do anything stupid.
[Is this the right name tag?]
Goy: Really?
Goy: Yes. Great.
Goy: Good. Let’s go.
[Let’s get out!]
Oat: Let's go.
They're here.
[They came together]
Two?
You two help each other.
Help each other.
That's fast.
PD: Oat's name is right.
Goy's name is right.
[A success in finding the name tag.
Oat X Goy time stops]
You two are fast.
Real fast.
They help each other.
[Exhausted and completely drained]
Still panting heavily.
What's wrong?
Catch your breath first.
What's wrong with your nose?
[Voice lost from screaming]
Here, here.
Phuak and NuNew.
[Next is NuNew X Phuak]
Oat: Take this. Take this.
[Oat personally passes the camera over]
[Bon voyage]
NuNew: I'm not going.
Oat: Take this.
PD: If Phuak finds the name tag first,
will you leave NuNew in there?
[PD: If Phuak finds the name tag first,
will you leave NuNew in there?]
Phuak: Yes.
[I will!]
[Feels like being stabbed on the back]
Phuak: How about solo rounds, timed.
[Enter together, but the mission is solo]
NuNew: That's it.
NuNew: That’s it.
Phuak: I'll help if I can, but if it takes
too long, I might have to head out first.
[NuNew: What should I do?]
Phuak: Let's go, NuNew.
NuNew: Go.
Goy: NuNew, be strong.
NuNew, go go!
NuNew: I'm not afraid.
[Run fast. Afraid of being left behind]
That's mean.
Ink: Stop teasing him.
Phuak: See if he’s ready.
Phuak: Let’s go. NuNew,
come with me. Let's go.
[NuNew X Phuak Game starts]
Phuak: There's nothing
to be afraid of, NuNew.
Phuak: They are people.
Phuak: Nothing. Nothing.
Phuak: Nothing.
[Spine-chilling]
-Phuak: It's nothing. Let's go, NuNew.
-NuNew: Oh my god.
Phuak: Let's go.
Phuak: Move, kid, move.
[Enter the Kuman Thong area]
Phuak: Darn it.
[Shaken to the core]
[Screaming desperately]
Phuak: Yelling frantically
Phuak: I’ll kick the crap outta you!
[I really get it... that kind of feeling]
Phuak: Darn it.
Phuak: I’ll kick the crap outta you!
-Phuak: Darn it. I got goosebumps.
-Nunew: Just kick it.
Phuak: Darn it. I got goosebumps.
[This is true fear. NuNew never
gets angry, but this time he does.]
Phuak: Darn it.
Phuak: Very good, NuNew.
Very good, don't be afraid of him!
NuNew: You think I’m afraid of you?
Come on!
Phuak: Darn it.
Phuak: Gosh. Darn it.
Phuak: Let’s go, NuNew. Great.
Phuak: Stay strong.
[Phuak: Find the room first]
Phuak: We need to find the room first.
Phuak: Are these all under repair?
Phuak: We can't go in here, right?
Phuak: We can't go in.
[Ah!]
Phuak: We can't go in. It's OK. It's OK.
Phuak: It's OK. It's OK. I opened it.
Phuak: Let's go.
NuNew: Hello? Anyone here?
[Starts losing his mind]
Phuak: Why are you screaming?
Phuak: Calm down.
[Stay sober, NuNew...]
Phuak: I think we should hurry up
and look for it.
Phuak: This is the restroom.
[Stumbling around scared out of his wits
until meeting a restroom]
Phuak: Right?
[What? What?]
-Phuak: The camera person.
-NuNew: What?
[The real ghost is here...]
[It's a mess]
Ink: He's shouting even louder than NuNew.
[Phuak's volume surpasses NuNew's]
Listen to their voices.
[Two screams together.
It's like a chorus]
[Perfect screaming chorus]
Phuak: Darn it.
Phuak: What is it?
Phuak: Nothing. Nothing. Oh.
Phuak: Nothing. Nothing. Nothing.
Phuak: Nothing. Nothing.
She’s guarding this place.
NuNew: Don't rush over.
[No...]
Phuak: Don't come over.
[The cowards who are cornered]
[Hopelessly kicking and
fighting back in all directions]
NuNew: OK, don't panic.
[Right at that moment,
they spot a name tag]
Phuak: I knew we would
definitely find Phuak.
[They did find a name tag. But it's fake]
NuNew: I knew it.
Phuak: What? What?
Phuak: Nothing. Nothing.
[It's just the toilet in the restroom...]
NuNew: Oh, it means this is the right room.
Phuak: Hey, over there. It's in his hand.
[The name tag is in the ghost's hand]
[Pushing his little brother to the front,
but he stays where he is]
[The ghost dropped the name tag.
So they luckily got it]
[Phuak ran away first]
[After all that struggle to find it,
the name tag turns out to be a fake one]
NuNew: Not NuuNew.
[All he did was screaming
and finally came back empty-handed]
Phuak: I think we should hurry up.
[A maxed-out instinct to run away]
Phuak: I found it.
[Coming to a room full of blue light]
[Entering the room full of eerie dolls]
[The coward dares not enter]
Phuak: I'll take care of it.
NuNew: Hello.
Phuak: You scared me, NuNew.
Phuak: What’s your name?
NuNew.
He's drooling.
[Phuak is so scared that he's stuttering
like his tongue gets tied]
Phuak: You scared me, NuNew.
[Stuttering]
Phuak: What's your name?
Phuak: Hey, I found it.
Phuak: Hey, isn't this Goy?
[Bang!]
Phuak: What?
NuNew: Kick. Kick.
Phuak: Why do you kick it?
NuNew: What's that?
[The camera...]
NuNew: Oh, the camera.
[Being scared constantly because of NuNew]
Phuak: Where is it?
Phuak: Is it there?
[Misfortune never comes alone...
Coming up with ghost dolls]
[Ghosts suddenly pop in front of NuNew.
Almost driven crazy]
Phuak: I have goose bumps.
NuNew: Why are you lying here?
Go sleep in your room if you're sleepy.
[What are they doing?] [Laughing]
But this pair is so funny.
Phuak: What is this place?
[Couldn't find the name tag.
Then coming to a corridor of red light]
Phuak: Hey!
[Scared]
[Really want to turn back]
Phuak: How many rooms are here?
Which floor?
NuNew: First floor.
[What're those in front?]
[Thai musical instrument room]
NuNew: Oh, that one. OK.
Phuak: Oh, I found it.
[The name tag is in the ghost's hand]
NuNew: But Phuak, go get it yourself.
[Oh, my God...]
[Try to get it if you want it]
Phuak: OK. OK.
Phuak: Oh, I found it, NuNew.
[Bang! Found the name tag]
Phuak: But you haven't found yours yet?
Phuak: I’ll help you.
Phuak: Did we miss something?
NuNew: We must have missed
that dark room.
[Coming to a new room]
Phuak: This room?
Phuak: I found it. Hurry up.
NuNew: Oh, this room.
[Trembling]
[Hit by the garlic bomb
as soon as they enter]
[Screaming louder than
the sound of the garlic bomb]
NuNew: Ah, what?
Phuak: Darn it.
NuNew: What?
[A sob echoing in the room]
NuNew: Got it. This one?
[An unusual-looking coffin]
Phuak: Yes, this is it.
NuNew: Hey.
[If you want it, go get it yourself]
Phuak: Oh, have a look.
Have a look since it's your own stuff.
NuNew: No.
Phuak: Why?
NuNew: It must be super scary
when I open it.
Phuak: I found it.
[Found NuNew's name tag in the coffin]
Phuak: Hurry up! Hurry up! Let's go.
Hey, they are really helping each other.
[Arriving together in a friendly way]
So cute.
Cute.
[With his name tag found,
Phuak stops his timer]
PD: Phuak is correct. Time stops.
[With his name tag found,
NuNew stops his timer]
PD: NuNew is correct.
Ink: Phuak's scream was extremely loud.
Oat: NuNew, "NiNew", "NiNu."
He's already shouting out random names.
[The timid Phuak, afraid of
being exposed in front of others]
[It's Jeff and Ice's turn]
Jeff: We're going to shoot later.
[Super confident][Super relaxed]
Oat: You know what?
If this is a horror movie,
[If it's a horror movie]
Oat: these people will die first.
[This kind of people will die first]
-Goy: Yes, because this will be...
-Oat: Yes. These experienced ones.
-Oat: These experienced ones.
-Goy: Yes, you're right.
-Oat: They'll die first in horror movies.
[Being cursed before it even started]
Goy: Really.
[Would they still smile till the end?]
Oat: Yes.
Ice: Shall we go separately?
Jeff: Of course. Why? Because it's easier
to find it if we go separately.
Jeff: Let's go separately.
[The others also go in together]
Jeff: If we see that of the other,
we could also take it.
Ice: If you find my name tag,
will you tell me?
Jeff: Deal. Let's help each other
for fair play.
Ice: See? We agree to come out together.
Oat: See?
Ice: Can I trust him?
Oat: You chose the wrong person.
Oat: He is a fox.
Jeff: I will treat him fairly.
Jeff: To be honest, if we come out
in the shortest time,
Jeff: we'll win, right?
Jeff: We definitely will both win
if we help each other, right?
Ice: Yes.
[Going separately,
but will still help each other]
Ice: Yes.
Jeff: Okay.
Ice: Are you ready? Let’s go.
Jeff: Ice, don't run.
-Jeff: Ice, don't run. Don't run.
-Don't worry. Take your time.
Ice: Why?
Jeff: They don't let us run.
It's dangerous.
Ice: Ah, What?
[The cunning fox who betrays
from the beginning]
[What? You fox]
[They go separately from the beginning]
Ice: Oh, my God.
[Ice facing the quiet corridor alone]
[Ice sadly facing the Kuman Thong alone]
Ink: Ice!
Phuak: That Kuman Thong was so bad.
I almost would throw a hook at it.
Oat: Same here. I almost
wanted to be a monk.
Ice: My God!
Jeff: What's up?
[Luckily Jeff didn't see it]
[Why am I the only one who saw it...]
Ice: Oh my God, Jeff, wait for me.
Jeff: If it doesn't work,
let's go together instead.
[A pleasant sound]
[Entering a room with a coffin]
Ice: I'll wait and see.
[Jeff's totally fearless steps]
Jeff: This is the last part.
Ice: Hey.
Jeff: Hey, I found it.
Ice: Huh?
[Found a name tag]
Ice: Huh, did you find your name tag?
[Running away right after betrayal]
Ice: Really?
[Ice...I'm leaving]
[Yeah! Number one!]
-Ink: Ah, has he found it?
-Goy: Has he found it?
Ink: Jeff, have you found it?
Ink: So you've left Ice there alone?
Jeff: Ah, yes, I forgot.
Goy: Jeff, weren't you just
talking about fair play?
Jeff: But this name is wrong.
[Ah, but the name is wrong]
-Jeff: Ah.
-Phuak: Ah, it's wrong.
Ink: Ah.
Jeff: Ice, I'm coming.
-Phuak: Ice is quiet.
-Ink: Really, he…
Phuak: I feel like he might have
died of fright.
Phuak: Just that one sound.
Really might have died of fright.
Oat: That last sound. Can someone
check on Ice? Is he still with us?
Ink: Is Ice okay?
Phuak: Maybe he...
Ice: Ah!
[Ah... (desperate scream)]
Jeff: Ice, there's a typo on my name tag.
Ice: Oh, you mean there's misspelling?
Jeff: Yes.
[The two are running together again]
Jeff: Wow, it's scary.
-Jeff: Scary.
-Ice: See? We can keep going.
[Coming to a really creepy restroom]
Jeff: Ah, we can keep going.
[Will they find the real name tags here?]
Ice: Oh, here.
[Startled]
Jeff: Hey.
Jeff: Hello.
[Start inspecting the restroom]
-Jeff: Hey.
-Ice: It's a name tag, right?
-Ice: Oh, may I have this?
Jeff: Your name?
The spelling is also right?
[The ghost holding Ice's name tag]
Ice: Give it to me, please.
-Jeff: Ice.
-Ice: Give it to me, please.
[Mine is not here?]
-Jeff: Ice.
-Ice: Give it to me, please.
Jeff: The problem is
where my name tag is now.
Ice: Give it to me, please.
[Whoosh]
Ice: Are you fractured from head to toe?
[Finally got the name tag
after some serious begging]
Ice: Thank you.
Ice: Oh, she can even do breakdancing.
[Ice who got his name tag starts to relax]
Goy: Who is doing breakdancing?
[Really?]
[With Jeff's still to find,
both left the restroom]
[Then...]
Ice: See you, bro.
[I'm leaving]
[Karma]
[Running to the exit as soon as possible]
Ice: I got mine! I got mine!
[Scream Mode starts]
Oat: So did he abandon Jeff?
-Oat: Did he leave Jeff there?
-Goy: Yes. I think he did.
Phuak: He left him. Of course.
[To be honest, I would also
leave him there if it were me]
Goy: Here comes Ice.
Oat: You're here. How is it?
NuNew: Did you get it?
Oat: Is it right, the first one?
[With his name tag found,
Ice stops his timer]
Correct.
Ink: Jeff is quiet.
[Jeff's turn to be quiet now]
Goy: Is Jeff still there?
[Where is my name tag?]
[Finally meets the Kuman Thong]
[Not afraid even being alone]
Jeff: Dude, lead me to my name tag.
[Doesn't even flinch at the firecracker]
Jeff: Hi sis, do you have it?
[A bold guy saying hi to a ghost]
Jeff: No.
[Finally found his name tag
after wandering for a while]
Jeff: Gee.
[Finally coming out]
Oat: Here he comes.
Ice: Hey.
Phuak: Is it right?
[Found the right name tag this time]
Ink: Is it right?
Goy: Found the right one?
Oat: Wow.
[A successful Jeff after serious looking]
[Good job]
[With his name tag found,
Jeff stops his timer]
[The last pair, Ink and Nont,
start the game]
Nont: Mmm!
-Oat: Go! Go!
-Jeff: Fighting! Fighting!
[Totally fearless duo]
Ink: Wow, what's this?
[As brave as Jeff]
[Exploring easily]
Ink: Nont.
-Nont: Hello, sis.
-Ink: Hello.
Ink: Sorry, we’re here for the name tags.
Nont: Hello.
[Mannequin ghost]
Ink: Is she feeling cold? She's naked.
[So easy]
Ink: Nont.
[Found the name tag quickly]
-Ink: Ah, here.
-Nont: Here.
-Nont: Is it right, Ink? Let's go.
-Ink: Yes, it's right.
Nont: Run! Let's run!
[Coming out looking great]
[Quickly and fearlessly
completing the game]
Oat: Ah, they're coming.
Goy: Awesome.
Ink: Yay!
[With their name tags found,
Ink and Nont stop their timers]
[Announcing the times]
Oat: OK.
PD: Jeff ued 14 minutes and 26 seconds.
[Jeff: 14 minutes and 26 seconds]
PD: Ice used 7 minutes and 58 seconds.
[Ice: 7 minutes and 58 seconds]
-Phuak: Half?
-Nont: That's amazing.
[Goy and Oat: 8 minutes and 9 seconds]
-PD: 8 minutes and 9 seconds.
-Jeff: Ice was faster.
-Goy: Ice was faster?
-Phuak: Ice was faster.
Oat: Ice was faster?
PD: Yes.
Nont: I feel like Ice was slower.
PD: Time is the same.
It stops at 7 minutes.
[Phuak and NuNew also finished
in around 7 minutes]
Nont: Oh, faster than Oat's team?
Ice: How many seconds? How many seconds?
PD: 29 seconds.
[Phuak and NuNew: 7 minutes 29 seconds]
Ice: That's faster than me.
-Ice: That's faster than me.
-Oat: Even faster.
[Currently the fastest pair]
[What about Nont and Ink's time?]
Goy: That's amazing.
NuNew: What about Ink's result?
PD: Just one second difference.
PD: 7 minutes...
Ice: 28 seconds?
PD: 30 seconds!
[Nont and Ink: 7 minutes 30 seconds]
Nont: That team wins!
Ink: So impressive.
Oat: Really?
-Oat: Wow, Phuak is amazing!
-PD: So the top two are Phuak and NuNew!
PD: According to the game rules,
PD: the two with the shortest time
PD: will receive a hint.
PD: Please come over here.
NuNew: Worth it—even with a sore throat.
[Hunt for the Terror Tag Game]
[Hint: "There's a male among the ghosts."]
Goy: What is this?
Ah!
[Is this paint?]
PD: Welcome everyone to
PD: the Ghost Painting Mission.
[Welcome to the "Ghost Painting" Mission]
[Ghost Painting?]
Everyone: Yay!
[Color-Smearing Ghost Mission]
Color-Smearing Ghost Game Mission.
Game Rules.
When you hear the whistle,
players must smear color on their opponent's face
to signal the start of the match.
If you successfully smear color
on your opponent's face
or make them fall off the mat,
you earn 1 point.
The first to reach 5 points
wins the match.
[Preliminary Round]
[First Match of Preliminary Round]
Ice: Oh no, why is he moving so fast?
Goy: Go!
[Jeff vs Ice]
Jeff: Ice, let's play fair!
Jeff: Let's play fair.
[Fair and square]
[Moving slightly]
[Talking about fairness,
but Jeff is ready to strike]
[Startled!]
[Do we have to start like this?]
Goy: Oh no, he's definitely
going to strike!
[Smeared!]
Goy: Here it comes!
[Jeff's sneak attack succeeds]
Phuak: Wow, I knew it! See, see!
[Tense]
[Ice, go!]
Phuak: Oh no, I knew it, he struck!
[Ice, who was attacked first,
tries to counter]
Phuak: Wow, I knew it! See, see!
[Jeff blocks with one hand]
Oat: Look at that gaze!
[Smeared!]
[Jeff] [Ice]
[Falls off]
[Both fall off in the chaos]
-Goy: So scary!
-Oat: That serious gaze!
[So scary]
Phuak: Calm down, calm down.
-Phuak: Ice, calm down, calm down!
-Ice: Okay!
[Wake up, Mr. Ice!]
[Okay!]
Phuak: Okay? Okay.
[Ice's face has turned blue]
Phuak: That's terrible!
Jeff, half of your face has turned blue!
[Avatar-like blue skin]
[Let's be fair]
Jeff: Ice, let's play fair!
Phuak: Ice is coming!
Our score is catching up!
Phuak: Swing, swing!
Phuak: Ice is coming!
Our score is catching up!
[Ice uses a feint]
Phuak: Swing, swing!
Phuak: Keep shaking!
Phuak: Wow, nice, nice!
[Smeared!]
[Ice lands a successful attack]
Phuak: Wow, nice, nice!
[Defending first...]
[Ice uses a feint]
[Attack]
[As a result...]
[Falls off]
[Jeff] [Ice]
[Fall off simultaneously, 1 point each]
Phuak: Wow, nice, nice!
[The score is now 4:3!]
Goy: The score is now 4:3!
Oat: Jeff!
-Phuak: Wow, half of his face is red!
- Goy: 4 to 3!
[Half of his face is red]
Phuak: Wow, oh my, so scary!
Goy: So scary, this is too scary!
[NuNew is terrified and lost his mind]
Jeff!
Final round.
[It's time to see the result]
[Ice successfully blocks Jeff's attack]
[Attacking with Ice's skill]
[Jeff's defensive power]
Phuak: This is the final round!
Calm down, calm down!
[This is no longer an ordinary game]
[Startled]
Phuak: This is the final round!
Calm down, calm down!
[Jeff][Ice]
[Jeff wins this round]
PD: Jeff wins this round!
[Jeff advances to the finals]
[What will the next round be like?]
Goy: Here it comes!
[Wild Bear Oat]
Ink: Why is Oat moving little by little?
[Why are you moving little by little?]
[Ink, I have short legs]
Oat: Ink, I have short legs!
Oat: I have short legs!
Oat: Are you bullying me?
I have short legs.
-Ice: He's trying.
-Ink: When will you reach the point
moving like this?
[The hardships of the Wild Bear]
Jeff: Nont, he's already
warming up from here.
Ink: You're already tired
from just moving, aren't you?
Nont: Why am I wasting my energy?
[Long-legged Nont does it effortlessly]
Nont: Come on!
[The obvious leg-length difference]
Phuak: Can your hand reach?
[Short arms too]
Oat: Um, can I redraw my opponent?
Oat: This distance is like a foot!
[Nont continues to provoke]
[How dare you provoke me]
Phuak: Oh no, he's going to get smeared!
[Can't reach with hands,
might as well lie down]
Jeff: The Matrix!
Goy: No. Don't fall down!
[Nont tries to make Oat fall]
[Oat grabs Nont and they fall together]
[Fall down]
[Score tied 1:1]
Goy: Oh my, oh my!
Touched his head.
[Nont scores using his long legs]
[Falls down]
[The tough fate of Wild Bear Oat]
Goy: Ah, here it comes!
[Nont guides Oat to retreat]
Goy: Hey, run!
-Phuak: He got away.
-Jeff: He retreated.
[Setting a trap]
Nont: Come on, come on!
Ice: Oat.
[Look at him]
[Oat needs to get a little closer]
Phuak: Charge, Oat, charge!
[Nont seizes the moment
and launches a lightning-fast attack]
Phuak: Wow! Can he do it? Can he?
[But ends up falling into his own trap]
[Falls down]
[Tied 2:2; Wild Bear is catching up]
Phuak: Wow! Can he do it? Can he?
Goy: Go for it! Fight!
[Go, Oat!]
[Attack the head]
Goy: Hit the head!
[The reaction of Wild Bear
when he spots prey right in front of him]
Phuak: Bait! Bait!
Jeff: Put some red on the face.
[Got you]
[Nont] [Oat]
[Oat takes the lead]
Goy: Wow! He got a point!
[At an astonishing speed
launches two attacks in a row…]
[Got you!]
[Nont 2 vs Oat 4;
The score gap is widening]
[Let's finish this quickly]
Goy: Nont, charge!
Wow! That works, that works!
[Take a punch from Nont] [Got wiped]
[But...]
Phuak: That's enough.
[Wild Bear suddenly falls down;
Oat wins this round] [Got you]
PD: Oat wins this round.
[Third Preliminary Round]
Ink: Oat's fighting spirit is sky-high.
Ink: No matter the game,
he never gives up.
["Fragile Cat" NuNew vs. "Hyena" Phuak]
Oat: Hey, NuNew's getting serious.
He looks really focused.
Phuak: No, no.
Don't look at me like that.
[You're the only one who'll suffer]
[Really?]
Phuak: Not worth it.
[NuNew launches a quick attack]
[NuNew's kitty punches]
Phuak: Whoa.
Phuak: Oh my god.
[The opponent is shocked
by NuNew's attack]
[Don't go after me.
I'm only 25 this year.]
-NuNew: Don't go after me.
I'm only 25 this year.
-Phuak: Really?
[Now I'm getting tired too]
Phuak: Oh man, I can barely
keep my balance anymore.
Ink: NuNew...
[NuNew's lightning-fast attack]
[Phuak counterattacks]
[Even after getting marked,
he keeps attacking]
[Gets marked again]
[NuNew] [Phuak]
NuNew doesn't care about anything now.
Ink: Nu...
[NuNew... Are you OK?]
Nont: And now he looks like
he's got jaundice.
[Like a sick child]
Phuak: Wow, this jaundice.
Your eyes are yellow.
[Fierce kitty NuNew]
[NuNew is really tough]
Ink: Nu is angry now.
[The heart skipped a beat]
Phuak: That's terrifying.
[NuNew launches a fierce attack]
[He's really mad now]
Goy: Wow, he charged! He's angry!
Goy: He's angry!
Phuak: No. Don't do this!
[NuNew, calm down]
Phuak: Don't look at me like that.
Phuak: My body is longer than yours.
Phuak: NuNew, my balance isn't very good.
[Attacks with his legs]
[Falls down]
Ink: Yay!
[NuNew] [Phuak]
[NuNew catches up]
Ink: Yay!
[NuNew attacks with his legs again]
Phuak: Ah-will you fall? Will you fall?
Phuak: Will you drop down?
[Phuak tries to make NuNew fall first]
[Did he fall at the same time?]
[The venue erupts in loud shouting]
Ice: He didn't lose!
[Turns out the kitty is
still on the field]
-Phuak: Can you climb back up?
-Ink: NuNew, you're amazing!
Phuak: Kid, climb up.
Phuak: Climb up!
[Kitty NuNew hooks on with his feet]
Phuak: Climb up, kid!
[The kitty has become Hyena's prey]
[Phuak refuses to miss the opportunity]
NuNew: Don't make me fall!
[Do you want to win that badly?]
Ink: You want to win that badly?
Ink: That's scary.
[Really scary]
[Falls down]
[NuNew got the score before falling]
[So now it's tied 4:4]
[Who will get the final point?]
[Provocation]
Phuak: Ah-1, 2!
[NuNew and Phuak both
aim for each other's face]
Phuak: Ah, NuNew! NuNew!
[NuNew]
[NuNew chooses to attack the legs]
Phuak: Ah, NuNew! NuNew!
[Falls down]
[A comeback victory for NuNew]
Goy: Very impressive!
[NuNew advances to the final]
Oat: Wow, Goy!
-Phuak: Did you just scoop that out?
-Oat: Goy!
Ink: Oh my!
Phuak: Goy scoops it out like she's
scraping the bottom of a pot.
[The last team of the preliminaries]
[Ink vs Goy]
Ink: Wow, this won't be easy.
Phuak: Ink, you're a core member.
Ink: Come on.
Phuak: Let her know whose turf this is!
[Shout loudly whose turf this is]
[Bro, just be quiet]
Ink: J-just be quiet first.
Phuak: Sorry!
[Ink starts attacking] [Gets marked]
Can she do it?
[Ink] [Goy]
Ah-success!
[Goy, sorry!]
Ink: Sorry, sorry.
[What's Ink's fighting style?
Laughing while playing?]
[Misses the kick and falls down]
[Successful attack]
Ink: Does it hurt?
Goy: It doesn't.
Ink: OK, come up, come up.
Goy: Don't start attacking yet!
Ink: OK, OK-not yet, not yet.
[Hey, stop! Don't mess around.]
Ink: I haven't even started yet, sis.
Not yet.
Ink: OK, OK-not yet, not yet.
[Are you ready, sis?]
Ink: Ha?
[Anyway, I've got nothing to lose]
Goy: Anyway, I've got nothing to lose.
Phuak: Ink, let her know.
[Gets marked]
[Falls down]
Oat: Hey, does that count as 2 points?
Phuak: Let her know!
[Goy's kitty punch]
Oat: Hey, does that count as 2 points?
[One punch from Ink - 2 points in one go]
[Such steady control…]
Phuak: Wow, she got 2 points!
[Well done, Ink.]
[Ink - 2 points with one punch]
Oat: 2 points? 2 points?
[So easy]
[Come on, give it a try]
Ink: Ah, sis!
-Ink: Sis.
-Goy: Hey, I've got nothing left to lose!
[Ink starts provoking]
Goy: Come at me!
[Gritting teeth]
Phuak: Goy, Goy-yes!
[Ink] [Goy]
Phuak: She got 2 points!
Ink: Hey, they only asked us to play once.
[Getting hit once is enough]
[Successfully took revenge]
Ink: Sorry!
[So dizzy…]
Ink: I'm dizzy.
Goy: I'm really sorry.
Ink: OK.
[The two are probing each other]
Phuak: Fall down already.
Phuak: Oh man, this is taking too long.
Phuak: Hold… hold tight!
[Hold on… hold on]
Phuak: Grab!
[Just as Goy tries to push Ink away]
[Ink's final punch]
Phuak: Did she win? Did she win?
Phuak: Grab!
Phuak: She won! She won!
[In the end, Ink wins 5:3]
Ink: I hit her forehead.
Phuak: Wow.
Goy: Sorry.
[Ink advances to the final]
[Quite a spectacle over here]
Phuak: She showed off a bit. How was it?
Phuak: She even showed some balance skills.
Ink: Here he comes.
Phuak: Wow.
Jeff: Wing Chun.
[Come on, Wild Bear!]
[Come on, little fox!]
Nont: Woof! Woof! Woof!
[Fox Jeff vs. Wolf Oat]
Jeff: Fair game.
[Fair game]
Oat: Fair game.
Phuak: Haha!
Phuak: Wow!
[Help me put some color on his face]
Phuak: Avenge my little brother!
Phuak: Hey, hey!
[Hit!]
Ink: He got him!
[The fox's strategy:
throw the powder puff at the bear]
Phuak: Hey, hey!
-Phuak: Hey, did it hit?
-Ink: It hit!
Ink: Oh!
[The fox flies out]
[Jeff] [What a fast fox] [Oat]
Ink: Oh my, oh my!
[Jeff gets 2 points]
Ink: Ah!
Phuak: His bones must be broken, haha!
Jeff really looks like a fox.
[Jeff really does look like a fox]
Goy: His gaze seems completely different.
[His gaze seems completely different now]
Phuak: His gaze seems
completely different.
Goy: A murderous look in his eyes.
Phuak: Look over there!
Ink: Hey!
-Ink: Hey!
-Phuak: His gaze seems different.
Phuak: His gaze seems different.
Phuak: Haha.
Phuak: Did you see that?
[Jeff] [Oat]
Phuak: His gaze seems different. See?
Goy: Focus, Oat!
-Phuak: Oat! Oat!
-Goy: Go, Oat!
[Hit]
[Falls]
Ink: He fell!
[Jeff] [Oat]
[2 points scored]
Goy: That's terrifying.
Goy: These two are terrifying.
[These two are really scary]
-Nont: Go!
-Phuak: Grab him!
[4:3 - the winner is still undecided]
[Jeff is no longer smiling]
Phuak: Yes, grab him!
[Take him down]
[Go! Go!]
Phuak: Oat, hold on!
Phuak: Lower your center of gravity!
[Go! Go! Grab him!]
Phuak: Hey, hey!
Phuak: Hey!
[What is this strange sense of emptiness?]
Ink: Whoa, Jeff!
Phuak: Hey!
[Even the long-anticipating
audience is completely stunned]
Phuak: Hey!
[You sly fox]
Goy: You brat…
Phuak: Wow!
[The Wild Bear filled with frustration]
Phuak: He threw it.
Phuak: He even threw the powder puff.
[In the end, the cunning
Fox Jeff still wins]
Goy: Wow, Jeff!
Phuak: Abuken!
NuNew: I don't dare hit Ink.
[Final match - Ink vs. NuNew]
NuNew: Ahh!
[NuNew seems less interested in competing
and more interested in playing with Ink]
Goy: Here it comes!
Nont: Haha!
Ink: What are you doing, baby?
[Hit]
Phuak: Hey!
Ink: Hey, NuNew is counterattacking.
Ink: NuNew is…
Phuak: Nice!
Phuak: Go, NuNew!
[Hit]
Phuak: What's the score now?
Phuak: NuNew is leading 3:1.
[Ink] [NuNew]
Ink: Can I just surrender?
Goy: Ink! Ink!
[Ink] [NuNew]
Oat: Why does he look like Pikachu?
NuNew: Pika Pika Chu!
[Cute]
Oat: Haha!
Ink: Hey-slipped, slipped!
Ink: NuNew slipped!
[Hit]
[Ink] [NuNew]
[Ink missed the crucial moment]
Goy: Ah-she got hit.
Phuak: Ink!
Phuak: What's the score now?
[Now I'm getting serious.]
NuNew: It's starting now.
Phuak: Let's finish this.
[Did he throw away the powder puff?]
Ink: Hey!
Phuak: Hey, wow!
Phuak: Grab her! Grab her!
Phuak: Hey. Wow!
[Like a cat being scooped
into its owner's arms]
[Hit]
Phuak: Hold her! Hold her!
[Holding Ink so she won't get hurt,
then falling down together]
[Fell down]
Oat: Wow!
Phuak: NuNew is amazing.
[NuNew wins]
Phuak: NuNew, he…
[Jeff and NuNew win the final round]
Ink: Pikachu won.
[He doesn't look like a winner at all]
Jeff: He doesn't look like
a winner at all.
Jeff: Haha.
Phuak: Tell us.
Nont: Can't you say?
[The two go to check the clue]
Ink: I'm curious too.
[What is it?]
Ice: What is it?
NuNew: Among these Ghosts,
NuNew: someone has won
on Running Man before.
[Clue: The Ghost is someone who has
previously won on Running Man]
Jeff: Wait, but what if it's not me?
-Jeff: Then there's only Ink.
-NuNew: Ink.
Jeff: "Among these" might mean
just one person.
[So who exactly is the Ghost?]
NuNew: That means Jeff, you might also be…
[Jeff is also one of the possibilities]
NuNew: One of the possibilities.
Jeff: Alright, let's observe first.
[Nervous]
-NuNew: Let's observe first?
-Jeff: See if it's...
[Jeff immediately stands up]
[The final stage of
the ghost-hunting operation]
PD: We've reached the final mission.
PD: This mission is called
PD: Name Tag Ripping
Ghost-Hunting Operation.
Ice: Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo!
PD: Now,
PD: all the exits of this building
have been closed.
[As the silent night falls]
[Inside the ABC World building]
[Closed]
Closed.
[Now only the wizards and the Ghosts
remain inside the building]
[Rule 1: The Ghosts' identity can be discovered
through clues hidden throughout the building]
[This is also another way to confirm who the Ghosts are…]
[Rule 2: Three people must enter the elevator together!]
[Rule 2: If there are 2 or more Ghosts,
the elevator will go to the 4th floor!]
[Rule 2: If there are fewer than 2 Ghosts,
the elevator will not move!]
[Rule 3: (Ghosts can only run away) ]
[Only a wizard can tear off
a Ghost's name tag!]
[Rule 4: When the door opens,
the wizard may take one person out]
[Rule 4: If the one who runs out
is the wizard, the wizard wins]
[If a Ghost is mixed in, the Ghosts win]
NuNew: Today I…
NuNew: Actually, I was already very scared
before we even started.
NuNew: This game…
Goy: I feel like they've all
played for a long time.
Goy: So they might
pretend to be clueless.
Goy: I think this person
is super reliable.
Ink: But Ice, be careful.
Someone might trick you.
NuNew: Right.
NuNew: Someone will definitely lie.
Ink: Someone will definitely lie.
Oat: Pretending to say who is what.
Oat: It could also be a lie.
Oat: If he lies,
Oat: the wizard rips off the name tag. Bam!
Oat: And he or she loses immediately.
Jeff: Right now…
Jeff: I think…
Jeff: It's probably already very
difficult for me because
Jeff: everyone may not trust me anymore.
Ice: I've already set things
up in advance.
Ice: We really want to win,
so we've been analyzing everything.
Nont: Even if we die, we die together.
Phuak: Today is all about
psychological warfare.
[The chaotic clash between
wizards and Ghosts begins]
Ice: Ink is probably the witch.
Ice: Phuak is probably the wizard.
Phuak: But the Ghosts…
Phuak: No matter what,
they'll say they're the wizard.
Phuak: So everyone will claim
to be the wizard.
Phuak: Right.
Phuak: Let's take a gamble.
[Is it the confidence of a real wizard
or a way to confuse everyone?]
Phuak: The game will end in 3 minutes.
Oat: But do you believe it?
Oat: Today my intuition
Oat: keeps telling me
Oat: that Jeff is the Ghost.
Oat: Ink
Oat: might be the witch.
Oat: Goy…
Oat: Goy is someone I like.
[I actually kind of have a crush on Goy.
You saw the news, right?]
Oat: You know about it, right?
You saw the news, right?
Oat: You saw the news, right?
Mm-hmm, OK.
[A small confession]
Oat: Don't tell anyone.
Oat: I'm very shy.
[The tragic fate of a secret admirer]
Oat: I'm serious.
[Is someone talking about me?]
Goy: They say among these 4 people,
Goy: the one who's the Ghost
Goy: is Oat.
[Oat might be the Ghost]
Goy: I think it's him.
Goy: I want to walk over and ask him,
"Is it you?"
Goy: I'm the witch.
[Is Goy a witch and Oat a wizard?]
Goy: It's not Oat.
Goy: Probably not.
[What about NuNew's role?]
NuNew: In the first 2 episodes,
NuNew: actually, in the first 3 episodes,
the name tag ripping game
really scared me.
NuNew: But today I'm not afraid anymore.
NuNew: The first clue I got is…
[Among the Ghosts, there are members of
the Running Man team and also guests,]
[and among them there is someone who have
defeated the Running Man team before]
NuNew: Jeff wins in every episode.
NuNew: Ink won the second
and third episodes.
NuNew: Jeff and Ink.
NuNew: One of these two must be the Ghost.
[Is the Ghost Ink or Jeff?]
Jeff: My name tag has never
been ripped off.
Jeff: I've already been the winner
for 3 consecutive weeks.
Jeff: I think this episode
won't be difficult either.
Goy: Got…
PD: The Name Tag Ripping Ghost-Hunting Operation
is about to begin.
5.
Ice: Is it starting? Is it starting now?
4.
3.
2.
1.
Phuak: Today is all about psychological warfare.
Run.
NuNew: I'm starting!
NuNew: Fighting!
NuNew: Everyone, go look for clues.
NuNew: We have to be quick.
NuNew: The elevator is over here.
NuNew: Let's search first.
[The Ghost elevator is on the first floor]
NuNew: Nothing here.
NuNew: Are there any clues nearby?
NuNew: Really?
NuNew: Something just caught in my hair.
NuNew: What's up here?
NuNew: Oh-no. Ah!
NuNew: Is this from the staff?
NuNew: Sorry.
NuNew: Nothing.
NuNew: Let's keep searching.
[What about Jeff on the third floor?]
[He found the clue right away!]
Jeff: It says among
the Running Man members…
Jeff: That would be me.
Jeff: Among the Running Man members,
Jeff: someone who has won before.
[Judging from his performance,
Jeff is very likely a Ghost]
[He keeps finding more clue cards]
Ink: The most important thing
right now is to find clues first.
Ink: Find the clues first.
Ink: Found one.
[There are both "male Ghosts" and "female Ghosts"]
[So is the Ghost Ink or Goy?]
Nont: This shouldn't be it, right?
Nont: There's nothing behind here either.
Nont: Seriously?
Nont: Are the clues this hard to find?
Ice: Nothing.
Ice: They're really hard to find.
Ice: I just looked around earlier.
Ice: I checked this whole floor,
but there was nothing.
Ice: Maybe they're inside the rooms.
[The guests still can't
find any clue cards…]
[Meanwhile, how is the other
guest, Goy, doing?]
Goy: What is this?
[Goy quickly adapts to the game]
Goy: Jeff.
A Ghost has debuted
for more than 10 years.
[New clue: a Ghost debuted
more than 10 years ago]
Goy: Debuted more than 10 years ago.
Goy: People who debuted
more than 10 years ago…
Goy: Ink, Jeff, and Oat.
Goy: That's it.
Goy: Three people.
Goy: The others don't count.
Goy: Because several people here
Goy: have debuted for more than 10 years.
Goy: My head hurts.
Goy: This is too hard.
[There are 2 Ghosts, but their identities
are becoming more and more mysterious]
NuNew: I'm alone on the first floor.
[Better hurry upstairs and find everyone!]
NuNew: Ink.
Ink: What's wrong, NuNew?
NuNew: Did you find anything?
NuNew: Huh? You already found one?
[Ink casually says, "I found one."]
-NuNew: Ink, did you bring the clue card?
-Ink: I brought it.
NuNew: You brought it too?
Ink: Yes.
Ink: Do you want to take the clue from me?
[NuNew is still unsure]
[So the two split up again
to search for clues]
Ink: The clue I found says…
Ink: There is a male ghost and a female ghost.
Ink: NuNew is eavesdropping.
NuNew: I've started to
suspect Ink because…
NuNew: So I thought…
NuNew: If the person who took
the clue is the Ghost,
NuNew: they might not
want others to see it.
NuNew: So they might hide the clue first.
Ink: Oh, OK.
[Is Ink a witch or a Ghost?]
Oat: Hey.
Oat: Oh!
-Jeff: Did you find anything?
-NuNew: No.
NuNew: What are you guys talking about?
Oat: You scared me!
Jeff: The Ghost is a… host.
Jeff: A host.
Jeff: Responsible for hosting.
Jeff: The Ghost is a… host.
Jeff: A host.
Jeff: Responsible for hosting.
Jeff: The clue says they used to be a host.
Jeff: And they have accessories on them.
[The clue Jeff received
says that among them]
Jeff: It says the Ghost is among the members.
Then isn't that me?
Jeff: Among the Running Man members,
someone who has won before.
[there is someone
who has won on Running Man…]
[Jeff crosses out the clue
that is unfavorable to him]
[and changes the subject]
Jeff: If we…
Jeff: We are all hosts…
Oat: Right.
Ice: Did you find anything?
Oat: What?
Oat: I did.
Ice: You found something?
Oat: Right here.
Ice: Huh?
Oat: Everyone has found something.
Ice: I can't find anything at all.
How did you find it?
Jeff: What we're talking about is
Jeff: someone who once served as a host.
Jeff: Someone here.
Jeff: Here, here, here.
Jeff: This show
Jeff: gathers hosts together.
Ice: Oh.
NuNew: But it might not mean that.
Jeff: But it says "once,"
so it might not mean now.
NuNew: It might not mean that.
Jeff: But it says "once,"
so it might not mean now.
[As soon as he's suspected,
Jeff quickly changes his statement]
Jeff: OK, OK. I'll go look for more clues.
[Everyone decides to search for
more hints so they split up again]
Jeff: OK, OK.
NuNew: Oat, Goy.
NuNew: Oat.
Goy: Did you find anything?
NuNew: I'm not sure.
NuNew: Oat, Oat.
NuNew: I saw the clue
after the second game victory,
NuNew: the clue
from the paint-splash game.
NuNew: The clue says
NuNew: one of the Ghosts is
NuNew: someone who has won
on Running Man before.
NuNew: That means a main cast member.
NuNew: In my opinion…
NuNew: No, actually there
are only 2 possibilities.
NuNew: Ink and Jeff.
NuNew: That's why I
didn't share it earlier.
NuNew: Only those two.
NuNew: One of them.
Oat: That's it.
Oat: No one else has won.
Oat: So…
Oat: I'll keep this information for now.
[At that moment, Jeff
is observing that group]
Jeff: Let me tell you what
they're talking about over there.
Jeff: They said...
Jeff: NuNew wants to say
Jeff: that I'm the Ghost.
Jeff: Because the clue he got is
Jeff: that
Jeff: someone who has won
in Running Man before.
Jeff: And the only person
who has won more than 3 rounds is me.
[What will happen to these two?]
Oat: But now
Oat: I already know who the wizard is.
Oat: NuNew.
Oat: Because just now,
when NuNew shared the clue,
Oat: he sounded very certain, so…
Oat: NuNew must be the wizard.
Nont: But earlier we didn't come in here.
Nont: Huh?
Nont: Is this a hidden door?
[Secret clue card and instant noodles]
Nont: It's here!
Ink: I smell instant noodles.
Nont: Really?
Ink: Are you making instant noodles?
Nont: A clue.
Ink: Got it.
Nont: Got the clue.
-Ink: Open it, hurry, open it!
-Nont: Let's check the clue.
Nont: Let's check the clue.
Ink: Whoever finishes this bowl
of instant noodles first gets the clue.
[The tempting noodles
make them forget the game]
[By enjoying food while eating,
they can also get a hint]
Ink: Looks like it was obvious
from the start.
[They hand the clue to Nont,
who finishes the noodles first]
Nont: OK, I'll open it.
Nont: It says…
[New clue: one of the Ghosts was born
in an odd-numbered month]
Nont: I'm sure it's Jeff.
Nont: Maybe Jeff. Jeff and I
were born in the same month.
Jeff: So…
Jeff: He will doubt me,
but it doesn’t matter.
Jeff: These two...
Jeff: Used to a host.
Wearing jewellery.
[Is he trying to mislead others?]
-Have you been one before?
-Yes, he said he used to be.
[Jeff is in danger.
What will happen to him?]
NuNew: Found it!
[Important clue: Among the Ghosts, someone
graduated from Chulalongkorn University]
NuNew: Among the Ghosts, someone
graduated from Chulalongkorn University.
NuNew: Ink is a choice again.
NuNew: Ink, Goy, and Ice.
NuNew: I think it’s Ink.
Because she fits many of the clues.
Ink: Nu, why are you standing there?
NuNew: I’m talking to the camera.
NuNew: Thinking.
-I'm thinking.
-I can't find it.
Ink: I can't find anything either.
Ink: Can't find it. Let's keep moving.
Ink: NuNew suspects me, right?
Ink: Is NuNew suspicious of me?
Ink: Do you suspect me? Really?
Ink: Really?
Ink: Nu…
-Nu.
-Really.
Ink: What if we lose?
-We won't lose.
-Nu, it's not me!
-I don't believe it. I think you are.
-How do you know?
[Is NuNew the wizard?]
NuNew: Should I paste it?
NuNew: Oh, stick it inside, right?
OK, stick it.
[Wizard]
[Wizard NuNew, here to send
the Ghosts to heaven today]
Ink: Really?
Ink: Nu.
-Nu.
-Really.
Ink: What if we lose?
-We won't lose.
-Nu, it's not me!
-I don't believe it. I think you are.
-How do you know?
[NuNew is sure that Ink is a Ghost]
[All clues point to Ink]
[1. Among the Ghosts are both
Running Man members and guests]
[2. Among the Ghosts is someone who has
beaten the Running Man team before]
[3. There is one male Ghost
and one female Ghost]
[4. Among the Ghosts is someone
who debuted over 10 years ago]
[5. Among the Ghosts is someone who
graduated from Chulalongkorn University]
NuNew: Did she lose?
Ink: Nu, look at the name tag.
[Ghost Ink is out]
Ghost Ink is out!
[Ink's true identity is]
[Ghost]
[Ink is a Ghost]
[Ghost Ink successfully eliminated]
Ghost Ink is out!
[PD: Ghost Ink is out]
Oat: That's right.
Oat: Who got her?
-Ghost Ink is out.
-What?
Goy: Ah, so she's not...
[Is Ink a Ghost?]
Is it NuNew? Did NuNew get her?
[Someone walks over alone]
-That should be him. He breathes heavily.
-Yes.
[Walking over with
a smile is even scarier]
Jeff: Did you eliminate her?
-You walk over, out of breath.
-What's going on?
-Wait.
-What happened?
-New. What are you doing?
-Was it you who eliminated Ink?
Jeff: Was it you who eliminated her?
-You walked here in such a deep breath.
-He came here with a breath.
[Walking over smiling is even scarier]
[Ink]
-Oh, my.
-Then get rid of NuNew.
[He reveals himself as a wizard]
-OK.
[Wizard; Ghost]
[Ghost Ink's out]
[Phuak goes to the third
floor to look for clues]
Phuak: Today I'm just...
Phuak: just gathering information.
Phuak: Found another one!
Found another one!
Phuak: Among the Ghosts,
someone's height is... It's certain now.
[Important clue: Among the Ghosts,
someone is over 180 cm tall]
Phuak: Tanont.
Phuak: One of them must be Tanont.
[It must be someone over 180 cm tall.
Is Nont the Ghost?]
Phuak: Where is he? It must be Tanont.
[Freezes]
Jeff: We're not ripping name tags.
What? It's not a name tag ripping game.
Phuak: You scared me.
I'm scared of anyone I meet.
-Calm down.
-I'm not...
Phuak: Calm down.
Jeff: I can't tear it off.
-Are you a Ghost?
-Yes.
Phuak: Me too.
Phuak: No-no, I'm a wizard.
Jeff: Me too.
Ice: Hey, now that I look at it,
something seems a bit off here.
So I just wandered over to check it out.
Phuak: How tall are you?
-How tall are you?
-182 cm.
Ice: 182 cm.
[Ice: 182 cm]
-How tall are you?
-175 cm.
Ice: What's wrong?
Ice: Is the clue related to height?
Phuak: No, I'm just asking.
-What?
-You look taller in person than on TV, so I asked.
Phuak: I'm leaving.
Phuak: Now,
Phuak: Ice is over 180 cm.
[Wizard NuNew is looking for clues]
Goy: Did you find anything?
NuNew: Can you share?
Goy: I can share with you.
Goy: Because it's definitely not you.
Goy: Because you were
walking over smiling.
Goy: I can share.
Goy: Not the wizard.
Goy: I thought a Ghost ripped
another Ghost's name tag.
Goy: Oh, no.
Goy: Ah, you’re a wizard.
-You're 100% a wizard.
-Yes.
Goy: And Jeff is...
Goy: The original clue is...
[What are they talking about?]
Goy: The one who defeated
the Running Man team.
Goy: But...
Goy: But you beat the Running Man team,
so I don't know if
what you're saying is true.
Jeff: But the person who won
has already been eliminated.
[Can't completely trust each other]
[Nont is looking for clues]
[He runs into someone]
[He laughs as he walks over]
Nont the Ghost is out.
[PD: Nont the Ghost is Out]
NuNew: Who did that?
[Nont the Ghost is out]
-Nont the Ghost is out.
-Who did that?
[Another wizard rips off the name tag]
-Nont is out.
-And then?
-Is it over?
[Is this the end of the game?]
[It's not over yet]
NuNew: One… two…
[NuNew’s real identity is]
[NuNew’s real identity is a wizard]
NuNew:: My main goal is to find the Ghost.
So I'll do my best today.
[OPPO Reno15 Series 5G Smartphones]
[NuNew]
NuNew: Today, I'll personally exorcise the Ghosts
possessing the seniors here.
NuNew: Haha.
[Ghost]
[Ink – Ghost]
Ink: I'm not satisfied.
But I have to pretend I'm not, right?
[Ghost]
[Nont – Ghost]
[MAMA]
[Nont]
OK. OK.
[Both Ghosts are out.
But the game is not over yet]
PD: Among all of you,
PD: two people have a different identity.
PD: Two people have a different identity.
[Two people have a different identity]
[Wizard] [Among the remaining
members, one is a wizard]
[Jeff is a Ghost]
[There are 2 wizards.
Everyone thought there were 2 Ghosts]
[There's another wizard besides me]
Ice: Ah, wait.
[Escorting Nont to the jail]
Jeff: Wait. Why did Nont
come down from here?
NuNew: I saw Oat walking over just now.
Oat was close to
where Nont was eliminated]
[Phuak arrives at the same time]
-Are you breathing hard? Let me feel your heartbeat.
-I'm really nervous. I'm scared.
Phuak: I'm really scared right now.
-Hey, wait.
-No.
Phuak: What's wrong? Do you just
like ripping people's name tags?
[Did Phuak rip off Nont's name tag?]
-Touch it. Touch it.
-Touch it.
Goy: Wait, but just now it was Oat.
-Oat eliminated someone.
-Right?
Goy: I don't know.
Phuak: I eliminated Nont.
[I eliminated Nont]
Phuak: I eliminated Nont
with my own hands.
[I eliminated Nont]
Phuak: I eliminated Nont.
Phuak: I eliminated Nont
with my own hands.
[Did Phuak eliminate Nont?]
[Then is Phuak's true identity the wizard?]
Phuak: Yes.
Phuak: All eliminated.
- I'll go find Oat first.
- OK, go call him down.
Goy: Why is he alone?
[Is what Phuak said true or false?]
[NuNew is shocked by Phuak's confession]
NuNew: I'll go find some clues.
-What?
Phuak: We’re going to be together.
Phuak: Because it must be the two of us.
Phuak: Nont's name tag has
already been taken back.
NuNew: Where is it?
Phuak: It's been taken back.
NuNew: No, he didn't take it.
Phuak: He already put
mine back in the bag.
[Was the important name tag taken away?]
[The Ghost Send-Off Elevator
has been activated]
[Declaration: The Ghost Send-Off Elevator has been
activated] [That's when the radio started]
[The Ghost Send-Off Elevator is activated]
[The Ghost Send-Off Elevator will
only activate with 3 passengers]
The Ghost Send-Off Elevator will
only activate with 3 passengers.
If 2 of the 3 passengers are Ghosts,
[If 2 of the 3 passengers are ghosts,
the elevator will automatically open on the 4th floor]
The elevator will automatically
open on the 4rth floor.
[Phuak comes to see the Ghost Send-Off Elevator]
Phuak: Ready.
[You can come if you
want to know who you are]
Oat: Keep moving.
[Oat is trying his best to find clues]
Goy: Oat.
[He runs into other members]
Goy: Just now, Oat… was that you?
Oat: I was so scared.
Oat: He said there was a clue.
[What is Oat's identity?]
-He said he'll look for it again.
-No. Phuak told us he ripped Nont's name tag.
Oat: Who?
Goy: Phuak told us he ripped Nont's name tag.
It wasn't you.
Oat: I ripped it off. It was me.
[I ripped it off. It was me]
[Did Oat rip off Nont the Ghost's name tag?]
Oat: I ripped it off. It was me.
[I ripped it off. It was me]
[Is Oat's true identity a wizard?]
Oat: I ripped it off. It was me.
[Both Oat and Phuak said they eliminated Nont]
Oat: This is dangerous.
Phuak, dangerous.
NuNew: Oat, do you have Nont's name tag?
[Ask if Oat has Nont's name tag]
Oat: He doesn’t want us to keep it.
Oat: I gave it back to him.
[The answer is the same as Phuak's]
Oat: He doesn’t want us to keep it.
Oat: I gave it back to them.
[There's no proof whether
Oat or Phuak eliminated Nont]
Oat: So I didn't keep it.
[Wizard NuNew is confused
because he doesn't know the others' identities]
[Phuak is waiting in the Ghost Send-Off Elevator]
[NuNew and Phuak bumped into each other]
[Ah, why that guy...]
Phuak: NuNew, NuNew.
Phuak: I have a way to prove myself.
Phuak: NuNew, if you don't believe me,
Phuak: just find someone you trust.
Phuak: Then go in and test it, wizard.
[After hearing the announcement,
Oat appears]
[Let's see who is the wizard
and who is the Ghost.]
Phuak: Let's just go to the elevator and test.
-I have nothing to hide.
-Yes.
Oat: Fine, let's go.
[Hesitation. Deep in thought]
Phuak: Let's go.
[Let's go]
Ice: They're going up.
[Phuak, NuNew, and Oat enter the elevator]
[Before the doors close]
[The last chance to identify their identities]
Ice: We have to wait for them to come out.
They're in now.
[If there are 2 or more Ghosts,
the elevator will go up to the fourth floor]
[Which floor will the elevator stop at?]
[Which floor will the elevator open on?]
Phuak: That means among us…
[The elevator doesn't move
and stays on the first floor]
-It means...
-There're than 2 Ghosts.
NuNew: That means there are
fewer than 2 ghosts among us.
So one of us is a ghost, right?
Phuak: Maybe 1.
Oat: But I pressed the fourth floor.
[Among the three of them, two are wizards.]
Phuak: I eliminated Nont.
Phuak: I eliminated Nont
with my own hands.
Phuak: I eliminated Nont.
[I eliminated Nont]
Phuak: I eliminated Nont
with my own hands.
NuNew: Phuak said he eliminated Nont.
Goy: That's what we just said.
[Oat: I ripped it off. It was me.]
Oat: I ripped it off. It was me.
Phuak: I'm so nervous.
[Between Phuak and Oat,
who is the wizard?]
Oat: Sir, where's my best friend?
Oat: Sir, let's go. Let's keep looking for clues.
[Oat is looking for clues again]
[Who is the wizard?]
Phuak: If I speed up chasing Oat,
everything will be over, right?
[Phuak thinks Oat is the Ghost
and he himself is the wizard]
-Yes, the game will be over.
-Right?
-Then I'll just run.
-Just like that?
Goy: Are you 100% sure?
[Let's see who's a wizard]
[A confrontation between 2 people
who call themselves wizards]
Oat: What?
Phuak: Nothing.
[A tense psychological battle]
-What? What are you laughing at?
-Watch the door.
-Waiting for getting outside.
-What are you laughing at?
Phuak: Ghosts can't
rip off anyone's name tag.
[Confused by the mind games
between the seniors]
-Right. OK.
-Yes.
Oat: I won't risk ripping your name tag.
[If a wizard rips another wizard's name tag,
the game ends immediately]
-Yes, yes.
-Because you are...
-I could take the risk.
-But the game would end.
Phuak: Then let it end.
Phuak: Let’s end it. Oat. End it.
Phuak: Let's end it, Oat.
[One careless move will end the game]
-Come on.
-The exit door is open.
[The door is open]
The exit door is open.
[Oat rushes to the exit]
Oat: Darn it.
[Oat runs to the exit,
and Phuak instantly chases after him]
Phuak: Got you! Got you!
[The name tag is caught
at a critical moment]
[Run to stop the battle first]
-Wait.
[Phuak's name tag is also
at risk of being ripped off]
-Wait.
[Wait]
-Calm down.
Ice: We can talk first.
The two of us are going out now.
-NuNew's identity is already confirmed.
-We can choose.
-NuNew is...
-Don't rip it off for now. Wait. Calm down.
-It'll be over if you make a mistake.
-OK.
[Decides to keep things
under control for now]
-Let go, OK?
-Let go. Let go.
-1, 2, 3.
-OK.
NuNew. Listen to me.
-No. So NuNew is the first one to go out, right?
-Yes.
NuNew: Then I...
Ice: Then NuNew…
-Chooses to hold...
-NuNew chooses to hold another person.
[Now NuNew must choose
someone to leave with]
[Will the person NuNew chooses to
go out with be a wizard or a Ghost?]
[Who does NuNew think the wizard is?]
-Believe in yourself.
-We have to go.
NuNew: I choose...
Let's go. It's almost time. Let's go.
[Who was taken out the door?]
Let’s go. Run. Run.
[Wizard NuNew chose Oat]
[Was NuNew's choice correct?]
NuNew: Why are you turning around?
-The name tag ghost-hunting operation is over.
-Yes.
It’s time to reveal everyone's identity.
NuNew: But he…
-Come on, Oat, turn around.
-What are you, Oat?
[What is Oat's true identity?]
Oat, turn around.
Ghost.
[Oat is a Ghost]
[NuNew chose the wrong one,
so the Ghost team wins]
-Thank you, Oat.
-New blocked it.
[I told you it's not Oat]
Nont: Really? You're a Ghost too?
[Even the Ghosts don't know
each other's identities]
-I'm a Ghost too.
-Really?
Jeff: Because I'm a Ghost.
[Ghost]
Jeff: It'll be fun today.
Oat: Have you seen a fierce Ghost?
How can I not be fierce?
Didn't you see that I died
when I was pregnant?
[Ghost]
Goy: OK.
Goy: I’m not good at lying.
So I have to believe that I'm the wizard.
Goy: A wizard.
Ice: Wow.
Ice: We have to pretend to be shocked.
Make the others think
Ice: we got something. Pull a little trick.
[Ink, Nont, Jeff, Goy, Ice,
and Oat are Ghosts]
-Jeff.
-Yeah?
-Let me ask you like a man.
-OK.
[By halftime, the two had already
realized they were both ghosts]
-Are you a Ghost?
-Yes.
[Oat lied that he had already
eliminated Ghost Nont]
Goy: He said he ripped it off, not you.
Oat: I did. I did. It was me.
[The one who took them out
was Wizard Phuak]
Nont: Did you just rip
my name tag like that?
[Phuak's sincere confession]
Phuak: I eliminated Nont with my own hands.
[Even though he desperately begged NuNew,
telling him that he was also a wizard,]
Phuak: We are going to be together.
Because it must be the two of us.
[he still lost]
Phuak: Don't ask me.
Haha.
You're already amazing.
-Wizards don't talk much.
-That's amazing.
-Phuak was acting suspicious.
-I lost everything.
NuNew: He was acting suspicious.
[The gold brooch goes to the winning Ghost Team]
-We didn't get it, Phuak.
-What is it?
Ink: It's easy to win.
Oat: Please keep supporting Running Man Thailand.
Never Stop Running.
[Watch the uncut version of
Running Man Thailand on the iQIYI app
Oat: Every Sunday at 20:00.
Only on the iQIYI app
Oat: and iQ.com,
the official and exclusive streaming platforms.
and iQ.com, the official
and exclusive streaming platforms]
Running Man Thailand: Never Stop Running.
Phuak: If you want to run, run.
Daou: The proposal hasn't happened yet.
This is our show.
You are mine.
If you want to know, guess.